2.0 docs (#4368)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/tutorials/setup.md

# Setup

After completing this tutorial you'll have your own production-ready HedgeDoc instance running.

> We will use [Docker][docker-docs] to accomplish this.

Reviewer: I'd be **very** cautious of calling something "production-ready" without discussing backups, TLS, authentication etc.

Also, the docker-compose.yml currently does not persist the Postgres database.

<!-- markdownlint-disable proper-names -->

1. Open the terminal of the machine you want to install HedgeDoc on.

> 2. Check if you have Docker installed. The response should contain some version number greater than
>   `20.10.13`. `docker --version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check if you have Docker installed by running `docker --version`. The response should contain some version number greater than
  `20.10.13`. 
```

   - If not please refer to [the Docker install guide][docker-install] to install Docker.

3. Create a new directory for your HedgeDoc instance: `mkdir -p /opt/hedgedoc`.

4. Change into the directory with `cd /opt/hedgedoc`.

5. Download these files:
   - `curl -o .env https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/config.env`
   - `curl -o Caddyfile https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/Caddyfile`
   - `curl -o docker-compose.yml https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/docker-compose.yml`

6. Open the file `.env` in the editor of your choice (for example with `nano`) and edit the
   following variables:
   - `HD_BASE_URL`: This should contain the full url you intend to run HedgeDoc on (e.g. for the
     demo this would be `https://demo.hedgedoc.org`). If you just want to run HedgeDoc on your
     local machine for now `https://hedgedoc.localhost` should be sufficient for testing.
   - `HD_SESSION_SECRET`: This should contain a long and random secret for your login sessions.
     You can generate it with `pwgen -s 64` or any other way you see fit.

>    - `HD_DATABASE_PASS`: This should contain a stronger password than `password` for your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `HD_DATABASE_PASS`: This should contain a strong password for your database. You can again use `pwgen -s 64` to generate it.
```

> 7. Start the docker containers by `docker compose up -d` to start the docker composition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Start the Docker containers by running `docker compose up -d`.
```

# Setup

After completing this tutorial you'll have your own HedgeDoc instance running.
We will use [Docker][docker-docs] to accomplish this.

<!-- markdownlint-disable proper-names -->

1. Open the terminal of the machine you want to install HedgeDoc on.

2. Check if you have Docker installed by running `docker --version`. 
   The response should contain some version number greater than `20.10.13`.
    - If not please refer to [the Docker install guide][docker-install] to install Docker.

3. Create a new directory for your HedgeDoc instance: `mkdir -p /opt/hedgedoc`.

4. Change into the directory with `cd /opt/hedgedoc`.

> 5. Download these files:
>     - `curl -o .env https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/config.env`
>     - `curl -o Caddyfile https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/Caddyfile`
>     - `curl -o docker-compose.yml https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/docker-compose.yml`
> 
> 6. Open the file `.env` in the editor of your choice (for example with `nano`) and edit the
>    following variables:
>     - `HD_BASE_URL`: This should contain the full url you intend to run HedgeDoc on (e.g. for the
>       demo this would be `https://demo.hedgedoc.org`). If you just want to run HedgeDoc on your
>       local machine for now `https://hedgedoc.localhost` should be sufficient for testing.
>     - `HD_SESSION_SECRET`: This should contain a long and random secret for your login sessions.
>       You can generate it with `pwgen -s 64` or any other way you see fit.
>     - `HD_DATABASE_PASS`: This should contain a strong password than `password` for your database.
>       You can again use `pwgen -s 64` to generate it.
> 
> 7. Start the Docker containers by running `docker compose up -d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Download these files:
   - `curl -o .env https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/config.env`
   - `curl -o Caddyfile https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/Caddyfile`
   - `curl -o docker-compose.yml https://docs.hedgedoc.dev/files/setup-docker/docker-compose.yml`

6. Open the file `.env` in the editor of your choice (for example with `nano`) and edit the
   following variables:
   - `HD_BASE_URL`: This should contain the full url you intend to run HedgeDoc on (e.g. for the
     demo this would be `https://demo.hedgedoc.org`). If you just want to run HedgeDoc on your
     local machine for now `https://hedgedoc.localhost` should be sufficient for testing.
   - `HD_SESSION_SECRET`: This should contain a long and random secret for your login sessions.
     You can generate it with `pwgen -s 64` or any other way you see fit.
   - `HD_DATABASE_PASS`: This should contain a strong password than `password` for your database.
     You can again use `pwgen -s 64` to generate it.

7. Start the Docker containers by running `docker compose up -d`.
```
